Yeah, i don't know what the voice thing i was doing there was not about who i'm being but angry web standard person actually i do yeah i do know who i'm being but i'm not going to say i know you're being.
What is that what are you cracking open it's a melon glad you asked what's that is that the watermelon drink yeah they're so my god i don't know where you can get them i get them at mama jeans and i've never seen them in any other place whole foods nowhere i don't know why they exist here in the Ozarks you look really really.
The cute with your little pink drink the little children's good yeah this is the passion fruit flavor which is pink i also have a pineapple you're like i don't care never mind there's pineapple there's a there's a ginger one that's delicious we're not even sponsored by them.
We should be i'll reach out now i would love to get fun sponsored by random food companies just be hilarious to me.
Like most tech companies are sponsored by you know tech things you try with a lot of tech podcast i did try you know what i tried really hard it's still annoys me.
It's a huge missed opportunity for them it's general mills they bought lara bar.
I don't know lara herself she wanted to answer me yes i agree with that and did you see me post that picture of what you agree with what what is that they should sponsor us the people should sponsor us yes i think sponsor us i think sponsor us i think.
I think the ry is higher than expect so the other day i posted that picture of that bill tom i don't know if you saw me posted you probably know because of the meeting thing yeah yeah so i posted about that and end up getting like.
A ton of views and then like a week later a ton of people were posting like hey just ordered mine or just got in the mail is delicious and i definitely sold a bunch.
I know a few people that bought mode keyboards because of my streams and expensive yeah i got nothing out of it i need to get a referral code or something i know.
Yeah it's like at least one person will buy anything that you talk about i've been talking about that the head shaver i use once and then someone bought it.
This is how our economy works isn't it yeah i mean like yeah let's point this out to me she was like.
Every single thing she sees in stores now is like a celebrity thing like when she goes to like Sephora to get makeup and stuff she just sees it's all celebrity branded yeah stuff cuz like if you have reach is such a crazy competitive advantage so.
Yeah that's like kind of a recent phenomena right like the last ten years i feel like the individual has become way more powerful than or like as a representative for brands it happened in sports to i follow sports pretty closely with my company.
And like the athlete became empowered over the teams and now like you see this wave of like players is like i want to play with this team anymore and they forced themselves to get traded like that didn't happen twenty years ago so interesting i don't know if it's social media what it is but the individual has so much more.
Pull and they did yeah on some level kind of sucks because i feel like we're seeing dynasties show up and that's like i think fundamentally dynasties are bad like i you see.
Kids of famous people just in everything now it's like her passion is that what you mean her actions are one but i think we watch a bunch of movies lately and we're like who's this actors and every time we looked it up it's been that their parents were.
Actors are actresses themselves like it's yeah i feel like he's half the time that's the case if not more it's like pretty surprising to see someone like break through.
Yeah and the Kardashian examples another one like that's just.
They're on the like the grandkids are now like starting to enter their teens so we'll see if it just continues where yeah so it's just like it kind of sucks in a way like dynasties aren't great.
It's like nepotism is more it's more easily pulled off when the individual has power yeah i feel like people figured out and there are.
I think i think historically celebrities would just get rich blow all their money and maybe even not very wealthy and now they're all really savvy and they know that they can leverage it like create businesses at last.
Beyond them even the NBA right that's a common story where people would return and then they would have no money by the time they were yeah in their forties.
And that doesn't happen anymore which is good on that side but like the dynasty thing is something i don't like and there's something i really want to talk about with the school like.
Why we can't it's it's something i really want to talk about that there's a little teaser for somebody or there is something that we want to talk about we can't but we can't talk about me index are starting a dynasty.
Know that you said you said general mills earlier so one of our at previous company one investors had this house.
I'm in the at a rondex on this lake just like a rich person like in the what now the add a rondex it's in like northern New York.
Say one of the new york at a rondex just want to see if you can say consistently hard word i don't know i've never heard of it i think you know i can add a rondex chair like you know if you ever heard it said or you only ever read it cuz this could be really embarrassing for you when we find out how to pronounce no no this is not one of those things okay.
A rondex did i do right at the wrong tree yeah and around and around what was it at a rondex at a rondex i think you said and of the first time i'm on the slide okay.
I see what it feels like to be on the other side of this and i don't like it yeah i don't know okay and he had a pretty they call them camps they don't come houses is a really like rich person little insight because they are kind of like camps it's usually like one property is several houses.
Like they had a main house and they had like two other cabins that we stayed in.
Okay and there's was like you know a nice house and was built you know a hundred years ago pretty crazy then they took us on a boat tour like around the lake and these people are so funny because they were like old money like the guy the investor was in his sixties and his parents is like grandfather was rich like they've been rich for a while and the house have been their family for a while and they were going around they were pointing out like that's new money like we don't like them and it's always like.
A much flashier house and theirs and then we drove by the biggest one there it was insane it's a gigantic property it had literally 40 buildings on it is a single property in the woods on the lake with 40 buildings on it like you could.
How's everyone you know it's pretty insane yeah and it was like the aris of general mills or something.
All back into general mills okay yeah so they got the money if they want to throw down here is that the play if you if you like came into a hundred million dollars is it like build a village and just move all your friends and family there you just get like this perfect life where you have all the people around you I would try and you hire them all to do random stuff.
That's kind of what was a lot of it yeah yeah everyone in the family works for him and oh yeah I know several stories like that like.
Seems like the move it doesn't take what's the what's the amount of money where like you're just you're good for life and you said this amazing easy life I think 10 million probably enough 10 million is.
At low risk what 5% interest right now that gets you 500k a year doing nothing yeah that's yeah that's pretty close arcs that'll do yeah I know actually I had dinner sorry and that.
There was a person a friend of a friend here in the area that we went and had dinner with them once they sold like a medical tech company or something for 10 million dollars I've seen what that life looks like they're in probably like their late 50s they're kind of older.
But yeah they just chilled like play card games with their friends and had wine and dinner and whatever it's like that was their life.
That seems nice what kind of car they have I don't remember this has been like almost 10 years ago okay I guess it wasn't memorable.
No what I want to talk about is there's actually a few things but.
The main one that's top of mind is.
I don't want to frame it as bundle sizes because that sounds boring.
This is not that is not where I think I was so surprised I thought it was going to be some like something not related to tech at all and to have you bring up something so zoomed in like the bundle.
I know it's what I said I didn't want to frame it as bundle sizes because it's actually about the anaeron Dax and I have this this this conundrum that I'm in the middle of and I think I've already talked to you a little bit about it.
But I'm no more settled than I was when I last mentioned to you and in fact I have more questions and more random obscure technologies I've run into and I want to just throw all this at your face and hear your visceral reaction yeah and if it ends up being just use react.
I'm going to be upset because it's going to end up there but I think it is to and I'm going to be upset but at least I guess I'll have a reason to go react Miami now I won't feel quite as weird okay so.
Big project or I mature product okay website lots of people hit this website every day like Wikipedia in terms of the use case millions of pages that are unique but they're largely just static pages with very little interactivity think like drop downs to filter data.
Like type ahead in a search bar some menus I mean it's very little like tab control like there's just not a lot of it's mostly like looking at data okay.
So that's the stage this website now is being kind of re.
Visually designed just going to be like putting a new coat of paint on it right and with that.
It there's sort of like a design system being created and for the first time we're going to need to like have some consistency across a bunch of of these interactive pieces and we kind of know what they should look and feel like.
And it feels like a moment to say hey maybe we should pick like a UI framework or library or whatever to use it's an astro site by the way.
So it's already Astro and to date we've just sprinkled in little bits of JavaScript mostly in script tags just like vanilla JavaScript because I don't know Astro kind of like tells you how to do that and then it's like oh yeah it's just JavaScript I can do this.
But then we did start using we have like a handful of spelt components because I randomly wanted to see what spelt was like.
Okay, so so now I found out don't love it just I just looking at it's not familiar at all it doesn't remind me of anything and it just kind of feels gross I don't know it's not spelt fault it's just my lack of familiarity with spelt.
Additional data point or consideration I guess this is going to be an open source repo it is open source we haven't talked about it to anybody yet but we're going to be promoting it is like hey you're a fan of this product and you happen to know how to code.
Join the open source community and you can be a part of it whatever or even just for learning purposes so there's going to be like potentially friction introducing obscure technologies on that front like if it's something that we would like other people to or even just within our own team just get up to be quickly and contribute on the front end.
That kind of matters so like path of leisure distance would be nice.
All that said it just feels bad to me just feels so gross to drop react in for a drop down like this page that a million people will hit today and I'm going to throw the react runtime on this page so that I can create a select that I can style.
Yeah, first of all that side note why can't you style the drop down part of the technology we don't have the technology we don't have.
30 years to develop what's it called what's a new thing that's coming out like menu but it's actually now select list I think yeah why okay this is not my point and I got to get back to it but why is it so slow why is the web browser standards process so incredibly slow can we not move faster there's like four browsers can we not like as a group be like you know what we've taken a decade to do something that could be done in.
Three months let's just do in three months I'm not that I'm not talking about select list I'm just saying like what is it about the process that is inherently slow yeah so I think here so I watched this podcast with Aaron booedman the founder of replicash and he used to work on chrome and he was giving a little bit of the history of.
Like data in the browser like storing data in the browser it was so interesting to hear because.
He goes over a bunch of technologies that they like tried to put in the browser like at Google they would like try to put something in and then no one else would adopt it so they would like tweak it and try to put it in and then no else would adopt it.
It's super super slow I think because everything is it put in has to be a hundred percent backwards compatible forever but why you can never deprecate anything can we not I get okay but you could still introduce new fun stuff without deprecating the old stuff right I guess.
Well if you introduce something new and it ends up being a bad idea or bad implementation but there's websites out there that ended up using it it's there forever you know I see so there's some hesitancy to move fast because you're creating stuff that's going to live on in perpetuity yeah I think so I think it's like the most conservative.
Being in the world in terms of adding stuff okay that makes sense and this sort of politics you're saying like there's this got to get consensus from all the major players yeah just imagine getting to engineer to agree in general like any two engineers yeah but like I feel like every engineer in the world I can get him in the room right now and we'd always our hand if we wanted to build style every piece of the select control yeah but then the question is like how like what's the right abstraction for that and I think that just ends up taking literal years.
It's a fan why does it seem so easy from the outside I'm sure it's not I respect all of you people working on browsers I'm not trying to gloss over how hard it is he was talking about ASM or sorry web ASM wait was him what am I saying I couldn't find a word was him web ASM sound like a friggin I literally never heard it called web ASM but that's what it is that like the anaeron that says that oh my word.
Wasm which also you know doesn't sound great and from our point of view I feel like being outside or it's oh yeah browsers added wasm and now we can do like you know you can put compile native code and run it in the browser great.
You saw how there were like three other attempts at this before like they launched something I forgot what it was called it was like blah blah blah and people didn't like it because it wasn't portable enough.
They said he blah blah blah which is like portable blah blah blah blah and they're like actually no just fuck all that.
It just went it just keeps going and eventually you know it's something makes it through but that seems like it was like a six or seven year effort maybe I'm just guessing from the way he told it I could see how I could see how wasm would be a big one I mean web
wasm web ASM but for some reason like I don't know something about the select control thing.
It's just it feels like a bug that doesn't feel like a new thing he's been released it's like fix the bug make it where we can style select that's all just make that please.
Yeah but then the question is always just how like so Liz is doing this is doing an HTML course because she's getting more hands on with stuff and she was showing me some of the stuff you made and I was just like what the hell is all of that.
Like she was all of these like native HTML stuff that I never heard of like yeah all these like weird things that I guess are useful and correct but like I kind of use those but let's be honest we're just like divs all day for the most part.
Yeah it's that I think it's probably more the front end like spa philosophy is like you're going to build all the stuff anyway just a bunch of divs but I think the people care more about the semantic HTML stuff when you're like web standards and I'm just going to generate pages
on the back end and yeah yeah I don't know what the voice thing I was in there was all that.
Angry web standard person but actually I do yeah I do know who I'm being but I'm not going to say I know who you're being.
I don't listen and how they don't know exactly anyway so I think I'm down for those new components when they have a lot of behavior that are that are built in we just rated us.
Like what those newer component elements I can't find my words today.
Those newer elements when they come with behavior that we were like manually creating like the new like model components.
They're like a dialogue now is there a dialogue to be properly accessible is like so complicated like you make sure you have the escape key to closing it to make sure you focus traps you can't scroll while it's open.
But the native one does all that stuff right does all that accessibility so if you could just style it if you just make all that can you style that one well okay so it's just select the new elements coming out that handle all these common cases are also very
styleable so I think that's what select menu is it's like probably behavior wise it might even be better than the existing select component and it's also going to be styleable.
Yeah so but you know it takes takes time back to my problem at hand.
If I can't style select element which I can't I can either drop react into this page that again is like it's like if Wikipedia had react on it Wikipedia doesn't have react does it.
So this example is going to break down if they do maybe they have a article called react.
Well you know what I meant like they don't use react on Wikipedia I wouldn't know yeah it's not a good fit right just doesn't feel right.
So then there's like all these other things I want to get into other options I ran into.
The web components custom elements and HTML you can like define custom element you're already shaking your head now if we break this down from ground up like what are you trying to do.
You're trying to create some non native behavior that like in the browser basically you have a few cases where you need stuff that is non native right.
I guess so yes yeah I just feels like it is native because there is a select element it's just it looks terrible.
Yeah like you outgrew that so you need to do some non native stuff.
You don't want to actually build that completely from scratch because doing non native stuff is complicated like a properly accessible select thing is.
Yeah there's a lot of.
Yeah so like a web component doesn't solve that because what you're actually looking for is someone that's already implemented.
The JavaScript that does this really well and has packaged it in a reusable way.
Yes but I guess like I'm saying the alternative to using react and to or to using any front end framework with a bunch of custom JavaScript stuff is like use the standards.
And there's this web component thing where I could find something that wraps up all that functionality which I have found and I'll tell like there's Microsoft fast.
Have you heard of this I'd never.
I saw someone reply to you without it.
It's interesting.
I don't think we're going to go that way because of a few things but it's like it's based on web components so it's like not it's using this new thing within the browser that works natively.
Yeah I don't know and it gives me that radix like accessibility and stuff built up.
So that's what I'm talking about like that's just a packaging format so you just first you think you look to see who has implemented this well and how they chosen to package it and that's like a secondary concern right.
So obviously a lot because react is so big there's like react Aria and then like the Adobe.
Or maybe that was the same thing.
Well yeah there's so many options on the react side.
Yeah so they've implemented but the downside is a package it as a react component which feels like really heavy for you.
Yes right exactly that's my problem.
Someone could package it and someone could have just written it in like pure JavaScript and like given you some jobs for like a jQuery type thing from back in the day like someone could that's also.
jQuery for just came out maybe I should add that to my decision matrix.
Yeah.
Like those jQuery things right like that was like another way to package complex behavior.
I don't think web components are inherently better.
I think they're just a way to package they're technically standardized but.
Yeah I don't think it's like and not any different than just a JavaScript library.
But is it less is it less JavaScript that has to run or it's no I guess it's.
No you can talk about that right.
People can.
Oh yeah okay.
It just comes down to implementation.
So then I think.
But I don't have to have the react runtime.
Yes exactly.
There's a lot of extra stuff that comes with react.
If I'm just building literally a drop down.
Yeah but I'm saying like a pure JavaScript library that just.
Implement the interactivity and like mutates a Dom is not worse than the web component.
I gotcha.
Because those are like similar in terms of.
Yeah they're both just JavaScript packaged up different ways.
Yeah.
Then I think you probably saw like that zag thing which is kind of.
I did.
Just a pure JavaScript thing.
No UI stuff.
Just.
The complex logic to.
That you can like you know bind to certain UI elements.
Yeah.
Then there's like other frameworks that are maybe not as heavy as react.
But maybe that's why you play with felt cause.
For small apps.
The bundle size tends to be the smallest.
And like solid is like very close to that.
I think solid scales better like if your app gets bigger.
Solid ends up crossing spilt in terms of.
So I think I think I have a misunderstanding of something though.
So other options that'll help frame my misunderstanding.
There's like alpine people pointed me to.
And Caleb from alpine reached out and told me he's got this alpine components.
Which are basically like radix but with alpine.
Yeah.
Alpine's a little heavier than something like spelt or solid I think.
Their latest version is anyway.
Someone pointed me to like lit.
Which is just a framework that's a little bit higher abstraction on top of web components.
There's stencil.
There's that family of things.
I think my misunderstanding is like I look at certain options like alpine versus solid.
And I think of solid as being like fundamentally philosophically about generating DOM elements.
In JavaScript.
Whereas I view and don't correct me yet.
You're probably already like you have the right answer.
But I view like alpine as philosophically modifying existing DOM elements that we created in our Astro templates.
Like our like we have some kind of server side way of generating a page.
And we have a bunch of HTML and then we just want to sprinkle stuff.
I just want to sprinkle you know.
Yeah.
That philosophically I want to sprinkle JS.
I don't want to start with JS.
And I don't want it to feel like a client side rendered thing.
But then you said something yesterday about well yeah Astro will just server render.
It'll like server render your react components.
I was like oh I'm done.
The drop down is not going to like be generated on the browser.
It's generated and then hydrated.
That's what the word hydration is.
That's what they're.
Did I figure it out?
You got it.
Look at it.
This is the best way to understand something you like discover it on your own.
So then solid.
I had put in the camp with react where it doesn't really fit what I want to do.
Which is again I want to sprinkle JavaScript.
I just want to sprinkle interactivity on my static page.
But it doesn't matter because Astro is going to server render solid just like it was.
Well is it?
Does it server render solid?
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it would fundamentally we could use solid.
And I could be cool like you because you use solid and I've always wanted to be cool.
Thank you.
And you solid.
Yeah.
So that's kind of why I'm saying I think the primary decision is you want someone to have
done this work of building these interactive reusable things.
And did you find a project where you're like I really like the way they did it.
And it clicks for me.
And then secondarily you consider the way they packaged it.
Yeah.
So I've always loved radix on the react side.
And I know now react areas getting a lot of love.
Like I know there's even other options.
The headless UI.
There's all these different options.
Solid I know there's an equivalent right to radix or something pretty good.
Yeah.
We've been using cobalt.
Okay.
Felt.
There's actually a few things in spelt world too.
That's a pretty big community.
I don't know if you've noticed.
So there's a lot of filters.
Selt.
Selties?
I don't know.
Sounds like Swifties.
Svelte has melt which is what we're using today.
Selt has melt.
Yeah.
So they have a radix port.
And the guy that was porting radix was like actually this is dumb.
It doesn't fit spelt model.
So he abandoned it.
Just maintenance mode or whatever and get hub and built melt.
And it has a ton of components actually.
Maybe even more than radix.
And I like the way it comes together.
I just don't like the way spelt looks.
So I kind of want to abandon spelt.
And now you're really making me think we should just move to solid.
Well, okay.
So there's also another thing here where solid is in my head it's two things.
There's the templating language which is what lets you like.
Create like right.
Yes.
And I might have those elements get created both on the server and the client.
But then there's like the low level reactive primitives that let you like.
Find stuff.
Yeah.
I talked about this a little bit before.
So a lot of my solid components.
I actually just use document.query selector.
Select elements and like add data attribute.
I don't.
I'm not really like doing the whole solid thing.
So really like writing like pretty normal JavaScript.
And when I do need some kind of reactivity and like binding like I will use.
Some of those, some of those things there.
This is so surprising to me because you were so early on solid.
Why would you not embrace the solid?
This is the best part about solid is that our just normal DOM elements.
Okay.
It's different.
Right.
The solid part like really melts away.
It's really just a templating language.
There's some primitives for reactivity where you need it.
And then you can just grab the elements and then like treat them the same way.
We used in the jQuery world and I find it really, really simple.
And you can do that and react to, which is you're fighting the paradigm a little bit more.
But this, I actually got this idea initially because Ryan Florence posted a combo box.
He built and react and he didn't use like any react.
He just had like document.query selector and just how we would do it back in the day.
Yeah.
So I don't think these things are that heavy.
I think, yeah, I think you just have to like measure what heavy actually means.
Yeah.
I really don't.
I said I don't want to frame it as bundle size because I don't know if I care about the
actual kilobytes going over the wire or being run when the page initially.
Oh, like.
Oh, then what do you care?
Well, I mean, I don't know how much I care about that because like every site uses react
and like, yeah, if it works for other sites, it can work for us, like if it works for Facebook,
whatever, like they have a lot of users, I think.
Do people still use Facebook?
I don't know.
Yeah, to me, it's more the philosophy.
I think it's more just like the vibes.
I just don't like the react situation.
So that makes me turned off from it.
But at the same time, the community is so large.
I feel like we're getting pulled toward should we just use react because everybody uses react
and if it's going to be open source and other people need to maybe work on it, just feels
like this inevitability of react and I hate it.
Like, how do you feel about the community size and the ecosystem solid versus react?
It's on a trajectory that like I'm not going to be wanting for anything or do you have
opinions?
Yeah.
To me, it's not.
It's like this question comes up a lot.
And there's obviously you can't deny size like size is a dimension that matters.
But to me, it's the same as like comparing companies just purely by size.
You can't say Google will always ship a better product because they're bigger than a smaller
company.
It's usually like weirdly size almost is like the opposite in that case.
Yeah.
So for me, there was a point early on in solid where I felt like, oh, there's actually
literally nothing like for the most part anytime I need to integrate with something else I'm
doing it myself.
But then like a few things happen like cobalt came out.
There's this new form library called modular forums.
It's written by the guy that made this other thing called Valibot and Valbot generally
is like like the next generation idea of like Zod.
So like to me, some of the best people in the space are also I'm trying to parse all
that sorry.
Yeah.
The next generation of Zod isn't Zod like very cutting edge and hip was what's what's
so Zod is cool.
And there's a lot of the elevation libraries.
And the problem with Zod is a chaining API it makes it so you basically ship all of Zod,
and if you just use like two of the validators.
So Valibot is like a really tree shaking focus version of Zod, and I think the solid team
actually sponsored the work that the person did behind it.
Okay.
I think it was even part of their like masters or something academic related.
Then that person went and made this thing called modular forums, which is so good.
It's like a really great forums library.
It integrates perfectly with cobalt.
So everything is like coming together and meshing.
So I'm at a point where I feel like, oh, this is like what react people must feel like
all the time.
Because like it's gotten there.
Yeah, there's like a few libraries that are the best and they all work nicely with each
other and they're very composable.
So the past six months, I would say I don't feel lack of ecosystem in solid.
Yeah.
Everyone's different.
And even if you look at cobalt, I'm sure if you drill down into cobalt behavior and like
compare components one to one with some of the stuff on react, I'm sure the react stuff
gets stuff more correct.
Just the other dimension is like just age of some of these things.
Yeah, just maturity.
Yeah.
So you're just not going to go wrong picking react.
The only reason I would pick solid is if you just find using react frustrating.
So I guess the react frustrating thing, I definitely like, it was eight years of building
react before I kind of stopped.
I felt like there were things that still didn't stick after eight years.
Use effect usage.
That sounds like a meme.
But I really did feel like I probably used it way too much and just sprinkled it everywhere
to solve every problem.
There's definitely stuff in the like the edges of react that didn't feel great.
But I'd like, but I know how to write react apps.
So it's like there is an advantage there.
Our team is very familiar with react.
Getting solid versus react is really probably more like just like getting out of the react
drama.
I guess.
And like Ryan, I think Ryan is like the smartest guy in the space.
So it feels good to use something he made, I guess.
Yeah.
And yeah, for me, it was like, it was the same.
It was kind of similar where I was like, I've spent years using react.
I spent a lot of time as a consultant looking at a lot of react code bases and they just
never come out great.
They just come out just okay after a couple of years.
And I could like start to identify like why I didn't know what the solution was or better
model and solid to me like was the answer is like, okay, the things I identified don't
even exist in the solid world.
Yeah.
So I found that I've been able to focus on really important things a lot more now, like
like little interactivity details and stuff that would just be too tired to focus on otherwise.
I've shown a solid to a bunch of other people that have switched over, not even people that
are like super senior or anything, just, you know, just a average person building stuff.
I can see the result of their work is actually better.
It's like noticeably better, like the thing that they built.
Yeah.
So I think it is it is good and it's it's effective and I've seen it enough times where
I can like make that claim and I feel confident in it.
It just comes down to like how sensitive are you to again, just like he goes, we're going
to book everything.
Yeah.
Like I said, it's like it's it's not even it's so much better now than it was a couple
of years ago.
And I like I can't even imagine I don't think it even needs to get that much better, but
everyone has like a different yeah, different bar.
Okay.
So I didn't make a decision on this podcast that'll happen with my team, but I do feel
more informed and that's nice.
I really don't like looking at felt files.
I don't know why, but we have enough of it now like I mean, we have like there's hundreds
of lines of felt in our code base at this point that does feel like the easy path is
to just keep doing what we're doing, even though I don't like it.
Like I don't like looking in or working in these files.
This is especially funny because at least this is my impression.
My impression of like this felt angle is actually a lot about aesthetics.
Like they really care about the way something looks and they will like always introduce
compiler functionality to like improve the aesthetics.
Yeah.
But again, that's like their perspective of what the aesthetics are.
So if someone that's not that are all coming into it, just like, ew, but then there's like,
no, like what are you talking about?
That's like the thing that they care about, you know, I don't I'm not trying to say it's
objectively hideous.
It's just from my perspective.
And maybe it's just my experiences coming from mostly doing react development and mostly
working in JSX files.
It just is so unfamiliar that it's like repulsive to me.
Yeah.
And I'm not trying to offend anybody involved with felt like I'm sure it's excellent.
I just I can't get over the fact that it feels so unfamiliar and I just want to be back home
in something I know.
Yeah.
Stuff doesn't click sometimes.
That's what I liked about solid.
Like I like JSX.
You know, I know some people don't, but I like genuinely like it.
I think that was one of the best things that came out of react.
I use it outside of react.
Like I use it on the back end, like without react even say that again, you use JSX on the
back end.
How?
Like, what do you do with it?
There's there's libraries that I'll just compile for emails.
Well, we use it for emails, JSX email, we do use that.
But sometimes I just have like page I need to put together.
That's pretty simple.
And I don't want to like create a whole front end project for it.
So I'll just spit out some JSX from a Lambda and that gets rendered by it.
And that like it's converted to HTML.
Yeah.
And there's like non react renderers of JSX.
It just do like a sync.
Really?
And spit out HTML.
I've used it for PDFs like I've used it for like, I like JSX.
I think it's interesting.
I've never heard of any of that.
I've heard of using react to make terminal apps.
I've done that, I think.
And I've done that too.
And yeah, I'm not derries out.
I'm not so sold on it.
You know what it is?
We just run into like the dumbest errors.
We have, and this is just more of a node ecosystem, or npm ecosystem thing.
We are CLI depends on React for SSD, the current CLI.
And of course, like some package manager somewhere gets confused at the fact that the
CLI needs to react, but then their app also needs to react and it like fucks up the versions.
And then it's just like, it's like relatively common because a lot of people use react.
So it's just like unnecessary complexity.
But you know what, like making a terminal app that like is interactive and like clears
out the bottom footer of it is like pretty hard.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah, I've made a few and not had great experiences with everything I've used, but Ink was one
of them that didn't solve a lot of my problems before we move off of it.
So you also looked into like the Alpine world.
And you said they do have like a component library that has like more than the bare bones.
It's sort of, yeah, it's sort of like tailwind UI.
It's like you buy a license one time and you can like copy paste these components and then
rework them how you want to.
But they're very like accessibility focused.
It's sort of similar mantra to like, I think they're headless too, to radix on all these
other libraries.
The thing with Alpine, I even, I literally went to, you know, on Twitter mobile, do you
use Twitter mobile?
Like the web, the web app or like the native app?
No, like, like the native app.
Sorry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I just spent way too long asking that question for what I'm about to ask you because it's
like, you said, yes.
So you know how much I'm on Twitter.
Like, do you think I don't, I mean, I don't know, maybe you're like a non native app person,
one of those people that's like, I only use the web.
I just did the voice again.
I know.
This is something different.
I was the same person.
Oh.
Okay.
No, in the native app on iPhone, you can like go to somebody's profile and just search
their tweets really easy.
You don't have to like, from whatever.
That's why I said it was too much time spent because like, it could just said I'd use Twitter
search.
I used to be a lot of time like, I'm still talking about it.
Yeah.
It's just, okay.
So I searched through Ryan Carniado's tweets for all the times he mentioned Alpine.
Because I just want to know what does Ryan say?
I just trust his opinion on any front end thing.
And he, there's a history of him talking about Alpine very favorably, even though, like if
you look at his benchmarks, it tests horribly from the standpoint of like manipulating the
DOM really fast, which I don't really care that much for our use case.
But he speaks favorably in the sense that if you're trying to just modify existing DOM
nodes, pages that are rendered, like on the server he talks about, it's used a lot in
like the Elixir, the Rails communities or whatever, that it's better than solid for that use
case.
Yeah.
So I kind of thought like that was my philosophy is that we're trying to take an existing page
and just augment it.
We're progressively enhancing it, if you will.
There's people that get really into that stuff.
Well, it's just funny because I think that stuff makes way more sense when you're back
in is not in JavaScript because it lets you avoid writing JavaScript.
That's a good point.
But you're already writing JavaScript.
So then you give up the benefit of like being able to like mix in these frameworks.
That's a great point.
Okay.
So that's maybe the deciding factor here is we already have, it's an Astro back end.
It's already JavaScript.
Why not take advantage of the fact that it can now render all these front end library
components on the back end.
And then so it looks the same, I guess, like the HTML coming down for our select elements,
it's going to fully be rendered in the HTML.
It's just it becomes interactive after the hydration step, I guess.
How much time, like how much are we killing?
I know these things don't matter.
I'm not going to say it.
It's like one time interactivity or whatever.
Yeah.
What they do matter, I mean core, core vitals matter and like the field data that we see
on our site, there's a lot of users that we can pull that data from and look at using
Chrome tools like, yeah, what is timed interactive?
Is it going to kill our time to interactive if we introduce react?
Yeah.
I mean, yes.
Yes.
More than.
More than solid.
I think the other weird thing is, and I have to think about this more, but Astro is like
a neutral server framework, right?
It doesn't particularly like adopt specific patterns from the frameworks that support.
So like Astro is not going to support RSC.
Like they have their different way of doing SSR and they're going to stick with that.
I would think.
Yeah.
And similarly, I am.
But like you could imagine how if you use react with RSC, like all those metrics are
probably better potentially, like technically, like I don't know if they matter, but it will
probably be better because they're optimized for those things.
And you can maybe imagine using solid with solid start would actually give you like technically
better performance.
Yeah.
So yeah, I do wonder what that gap with Astro, like Astro plus solid has that compared to
just using solid start and ask us react has that compare.
Yeah.
I mean, like you have a big consumer facing app with like millions of people using it.
So I guess these things do end up mattering kind of matter.
Yeah.
So we should just stick with felt.
Is that your official recommendation?
No, I'm just trying to get somewhere.
I think if you both felt and saw it produce small, smaller, like bundle sizes, I think
the TTI will be faster as well.
Yeah.
But all came back to bundle sizes.
It really did.
I think maybe you should just like put what's great about solid is you can try all of these
things together.
And they're just just look at it.
It's not like there's a work.
What's great about Astro?
You mean?
Sorry.
Yeah.
What's great about Astro is you have to like bootstrap a whole solid project to try and
bootstrap it like you just made the same drive down with with the underlying library that
you like and just.
Oh, we could just see what the yeah, actually see what the time to interactive is on a page
or something.
I feel for like, I think the reality might be they're all like effectively the same.
And if that's a case, and you at least know it's not a big deal.
Yeah.
Okay.
So we started describing solid start and felt kid or whatever you were saying or next
JS.
I started thinking like, Oh man, did we screw up with like, if we were if we ended up leaning
hard into react, for instance, or solid, should we have just used our meta framework?
But I've loved that we actually do have a react component live on the site today.
That was a carryover from it used to be a react.
The whole stat means that site used to be a react app.
And we didn't want to redo this very complicated shot chart component.
We just carried it over and it's plugged into our Azure site.
It's great.
So we have some components.
We have this one react component.
And yeah, to your point, I could experiment.
We could try it in solid and see how it feels like from an authoring standpoint from a bundle
size standpoint, all that.
So that's pretty great.
Asha's.
I'm a big fan.
Yeah.
Cool.
Okay.
I guess I have more thoughts and information in my head now to go into a call with my team
and figure out what we're going to do.
Okay.
Consulting fee.
Yeah.
Sure.
I'll take you out to lunch when I'm in Miami.
Take you out.
Yeah.
Just give me whatever the paid version of your product is for free.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah.
You can get.
Yeah, I'll get you a coupon code.
There you go.
Big sports fan, huh?
I've used it like three times a day.
Oh, that's awesome.
Only because only because you mentioned.
You had to prove.
Yeah.
I see it.
Now that I know you, it's like one of those things or ones you hear about it.
Oh, yeah.
Hear about something you just see everywhere.
Yeah.
It's all over the Twitters.
It's a lot of a lot of Twitter activity.
Okay.
We can talk about something else now.
I dominated the first 45 minutes of this conversation.
It's your turn.
I'm just going to say I'm going to drink my water.
I'm just kidding.
Do I have anything?
I don't know if I have anything.
You have to have.
You always have thoughts.
You've never not had thoughts.
What?
I think there's something.
You guys just a stream and a big blog post about leaving the CDK.
Oh, right.
We talked about that?
No.
What did we talk about on the hugs?
Not.
Yeah.
Can I just say first before you go into this?
I feel kind of like kid at the dinner table, mommy and daddy fighting because I know so
many people on the CDK side and like really the beginning of my AWS roots kind of come
from that CDK community.
So it's a little spicy for me.
I hate conflict.
This is so funny because in the stream, Jay was like, because Jay wrote most of the posts,
he was like the first two drafts of this were too angry and then like the third draft
was not.
And I genuinely don't think it was a controversial or a spicy thing.
We just listed out.
No, I read the post, by the way.
Yeah, we just listed out all the things that you might run into when you're using CDK and
we described what the root problem of those things are.
The spiciest thing, maybe we're like someone like the section titles like I don't know.
Yeah, there were a couple lines, I think, that were kind of like, yeah, this is a sign
of terrible design.
Did we go that far?
I'm not terrible.
Maybe I exaggerated.
But I think maybe like people we'd like had some subtitles that were like, this is not
IAC, this is an IAC hack or whatever, and people were like, what?
But to be honest, I thought, okay, one, I was surprised at how much it spread.
It was surprising to see other people posting, reposting, not like retweeting it.
They would just separately post it.
We would see it on LinkedIn in a few other places.
And most of the reaction, I would say almost all of it, minus maybe one thread was, or
maybe two threads were like really positive, because they were like, oh yeah, people that
felt the same thing, though.
I was like, I recognize that, or I thought I was being dumb, but it's good to know that
they know it's a thing.
And there's hasn't been a compilation of all of these weird things.
And even going through the article yesterday on stream, I was realizing there's actually
other stuff that we didn't even include in there.
Like the open source, sorry, I could just add like maybe their stance on outside contributions
and well, I talked about that on the stream a lot.
I didn't see the stream, I just read the box.
Yeah, we talked about that too much.
Yeah, no, no, yeah, we were just really looking at just the implementation and like what it
feels like to use it.
And this has nothing to do with like using it through SSD.
These are just things that come up if you're using CDK, whether you're using it directly
or with SSD, they just happen and you have to like know that they happen.
So yeah, most of the reaction was really positive.
The only reason we even put this together is because we're going in a different direction.
You've seen we've seen this a million times with every other open source framework when
there is a big shift, there's a lot of concern that it's like a flippant like decision.
Yeah.
And it definitely seems that way, right?
Because if you're just a user of a product or user of a framework, you're like not in
the weeds on like the problems and the future and the ceilings and all of that.
So when there's a big change to you as a user, it feels like really random and we've seen
this like with next and like just all their struggles getting people on board.
So we only wrote that to make it clear that, hey, we've like thought about this for a long
time and we've tried every single solution for these things and we're only doing this
because we're out of ideas.
Yeah, you're not just chasing like a shiny thing that would be fun to do or yeah, it's
like there's a lot of deliberation going into that decision.
Yeah.
And the thing that I posted in my tweet was we personally don't have that many actual problems
with this stuff because we know how to deal with all these problems and avoid them.
So we're not like, like, yeah, we want them to be fixed, but we're like experts at this
point.
So we know how to work around them.
It's really the people that are trying you for the first time or like, you know, I think
the thing with the CDK community is a lot of people in it like live and breathe it.
And like that's like the thing they're focused on.
But if you want it to get mass adoption, it needs to be used by people that like don't
think about it that much.
And if you don't think about it that much, randomly doing a deploy one day and having
that circular stack problem is just insane, lay frustrating.
So that's kind of who we're focused on, like we want more people to adopt this stuff.
It can only happen if they're not being thrown into these weird details entirely randomly.
Yep.
Yeah, no, that's what I took away from and I didn't.
You talked a lot about like the users of SST and the things that they have to deal with
because of CDK and like there's no, at this point, there's no workarounds for those things.
Yeah.
And then the other dimension that's also is a little bit challenging to understand as
again, just like as a user of these things.
I think people dream of this scenario where you like learn a framework and it really doesn't
change and there's like it's like very stable, right?
You don't have to like keep up with the changes and we all want that like we all kind of vaguely
want that is annoying when we have to like rework stuff that has nothing to do with our
main thing we're working on.
But that scenario is kind of a fantasy because if a framework is not evolving, it's effectively
dying.
You know, we'll hit a ceiling with what we have now and I think we're like kind of getting
close to it.
So we basically will never grow after a certain point.
If we just stick with what we're doing now, over time, better options come out that do
some of the things that we want to do.
But like if we choose not to like we'll lose some of those people, you see how like this
just won't take around forever.
You always keep hitting these ceilings and when you do, you do have to like try to jump
to the next thing.
Otherwise, the alternative is just becomes a dying framework, right?
And we've seen that with stuff that's kind of gone away.
We've rarely ever seen something that just hasn't changed at all and been around forever.
So it's annoying.
You don't have to jump on the cutting edge like the week it comes out.
You can wait literal years before you do and that's self-control.
It's annoying because you see all the exciting, shiny new stuff, but you can choose to wait
and a lot of people do that like you're in control of doing that.
Projects generally don't like destroy the old thing when they move to the new thing.
And you know, people pointed that out with react, but yeah.
So again, it's a little hard to understand that when you're not working on these things.
You talking about a tweet of yours, took me to your Twitter because I need you to explain
a tweet for me.
Yeah.
You sometimes do like a sub tweet that is so cryptic and so hard for my brain to understand
that I'm just going to start bringing them to you for you to directly explain it to me.
You don't have to tell me who it's a sub tweet or like what happened that made you think
of this.
You don't even understand the like insult that you're throwing out there at somebody.
I can't even comprehend it.
So I'm going to read the two tweets.
The first one, you're kind of setting the stage that you're going to create this thread
of like all these different thoughts.
I still can't believe how much people fall for professional bullshitting in our space.
I know engineers aren't known for their soft skills, but damn this stuff is super effective.
I think I might add examples to this thread over time.
Example one, and this is the one I just don't understand and I need you to unwrap it for
me.
The other thing to look for is what self-perceived unflattering thing they're avoiding saying.
People working on startups are extremely competitive, no different than a sports team.
Some people have no problem acknowledging this, watch out for the people who refuse to.
Maybe it's not as complicated as I thought it was.
It's funny because Cody posted a chat GBT explanation of it and it was a fantastic explanation.
Oh, really?
That's such a good idea.
I don't even have to ask you.
I can just chat GBT it.
Okay.
Oh, there it is.
So, I wasn't the only one that had the problem, so you all understand.
Oh, wow.
Oh, that's so good.
Is that first sentence?
That's what I struggled with.
What I messed up was the second part of the tweet was an example of the first thing.
It wasn't like the first thing again.
So yeah, right, right.
Going back to why I post his original thing, I'm just getting increasingly tired of this
expectation of corporate speak and we pretend like for some reason we all want that.
It's like whenever some controversy happens, you expect the CEO to say all this weird corporate
approved stuff.
When they don't, you see a bunch of reaction of people saying, "Oh, this is why I see you."
Yeah, that's why people for some reason and it's completely arbitrary are like, "This
is this type of talking we expect."
Yeah.
And when it's not that, we're going to be like, "Oh, yeah.
You should run it by your PR team or whatever."
But the thing we expect, nobody actually likes.
Like nobody actually likes that type of talk.
Yeah.
Nobody actually likes LinkedIn.
I mean, really.
Exactly.
Everyone's just pretending.
It's like an entire social network where everyone's just pretending to like what they're
doing on there because they want to make enough money to support their family or whatever.
Yes, exactly.
And that's actually the perfect example of the example I gave, which is people avoid saying
certain things because it's perceived as like they self-perceive it as unflattering, right?
If someone is like, "I love money.
Like I fucking love money.
I want so much money."
You said it all the time.
Yeah.
So many people have trouble saying that, even when it's true.
It's a good point.
No, I've never heard anyone else say it.
Like when you say it the first time I heard it, I think it was kind of like, "You're not
supposed to say that, Dad."
Yeah.
But the thing is it's largely true for a lot of people.
A lot of people do love it.
They still think about it.
So when they're avoiding saying it, it's kind of like this weird lie of it's all self-inflicted
though, because I know I love money.
If I see that somebody else loves money, I'm not judging them because I know them the
same way.
So it's all self-inflicted.
So there's even random things that are technically unflattering that we don't want to admit.
The sports team thing I compared it to is like, imagine a sports team that is in the
finals and they're like, "We just want everyone to win."
And when you do this, talking about how we're not competing with other people, what is the
phrase people use?
There's a phrase...
Zero-sum?
Yeah, it's not a zero-sum game.
That's thrown around all the time.
We can all succeed or we can all...
In net, that's true.
In net, humanity is not a zero-sum game.
We grow the kind of growth.
But startups, in general, are.
Yeah.
In the micro, there's connecting ideas.
There's conflicting visions of the future, and sometimes only one of those can be true.
And everyone that's worked at a company, like really think back how much time have you spent
shit talking to your competitors and like, we're all competitive.
We want to crush our opponents and it's okay to say that because that's just how the world
works.
My competitors probably want to crush me.
I want to crush them.
Nothing wrong with this.
It's totally nothing wrong with admitting that we're competitive.
Like a sports team has no problem admitting this, but for some reason in business, it's
like...
We're just trying to make things better for everyone.
It's just like...
Yeah.
Is this...
What else will this other thing?
Is it kind of like the Netflix way they treat employees, their approach to like...
I feel like they kind of have the same spirit of like cutting out all the nonsense and
just being direct.
And like, if you suck, we're going to fire you and it's not personal.
You know what I'm talking about?
You've read all the Netflix stuff, right?
I haven't too much, but I have heard that they run.
I think the sports thing is...
Yeah, it's very much like the sports team out with our company as well.
Yeah.
Because like a sports team will just cut a guy.
Like you're out of the team and that's just business.
And it's understood.
Yeah.
But simultaneously, like there's nothing more intense than the bond of a team when they
work together.
Like a sports team when they're like, you know, on the court, whatever, working together.
So it's like...
So you're saying people at Netflix probably have that, like they get that lift because
of that straightforward relationship with their employer, that their team probably feels
more of a bond because of it.
Like they've all gone through hard things together in that sense.
I think intensity creates like a lot of negative feelings, but also like the most positive
feelings you can have.
And I think there's a weird like neutral thing of...
It's all fake.
It's like a fake thing that one isn't actually good and two, like it's fake.
So yeah.
Is there a way to get rid of it?
Like, is there a way for society to evolve out of all of that?
Like will LinkedIn cease to exist someday because people got tired of all that inauthenticity?
Yeah.
I think it's an arms race.
And that's why I kind of wrote that thread because the things I point out in there are
somewhat subtle, right?
And they're like little manipulations, little like tricks that come up a lot.
And I don't blame people for like falling for it.
Like they're pretty effective.
And I think people are getting better and better and better at utilizing those people
that like kind of opted into that stuff.
So yeah, I'm just going to write this and collect this here and I'm hoping it has some
amount of impact on people so they can kind of recognize this when it happens.
Like to me, it's...
The stuff is so obvious, but I see people falling for it all the time.
Yeah.
I hadn't even noticed that you'd written more of them.
And now I kind of want to read them all, but I'm probably not going to understand any
of them.
So maybe I'll use GPT, I'll just create a DAX GPT.
Oh, you know this, the word reasonable comes up in a lot of these because that's like another
trick.
People are trained to act surface level like extremely reasonable, no matter the situation
because it makes the other person always look like.
And reasonable.
They're like exaggerating or in the wrong.
A lot of like training around how you do, how you like diffuse angry customers and stuff
is all around like this, this angle and just everywhere, like whenever there's any kind
of conflict, like the more reasonable person always kind of seems right and like they're
able to like shift the conversation and avoid talking about certain things that they're
actually in the wrong for.
I totally do this.
I am such a jerk.
I do it with people close to me.
I do.
I think I've even had the thought in my brain like I'm just being so reasonable here.
There's nothing they can do.
Yeah.
It's very effective.
It really is.
Oh man.
I didn't even realize it's such a dark thing to like realize that I'm doing those things
and I'm not even thinking about it.
I mean, why do you think I know how to make this list?
It's like we all do this.
Yeah.
We all do it.
You're just actually acknowledging it and thinking about it which in itself is a manipulation.
Yeah.
You're a psychopath.
You're the most psychopath of all of us because you do it and you know you're doing
it.
Okay.
So what I thought for me was we wrote that CDK article and we're talking about moving
to Pulumi.
We had a few people ask us like, oh, what's going to happen if Pulumi changes their license
like the way Terraform did like, like what is like already where like, you know, people
were wondering about that and kind of like not directly, but it's a situation where you
can look at that and you can look at the situation as, oh, they think we did something
wrong and they think we didn't consider this thing.
So it's weird, my initial instinct was to like do this weird corporate thing where I
like kind of massage it and avoid it, but it was like, that's, that's so, that's really
not me.
I generally don't do stuff like that.
And I was like, it's crazy that this is seeping into my, my head as well.
And it replied to them being like, oh yeah, if they changed this stuff, we're 100% screwed.
Like there's no, there's no like, there's no way to like spin this like this.
It's give a very direct answer.
And the person replied, oh, thank you.
Like I love how direct you were about this, but this is what people want, right?
Yeah.
At the end of the day, it's like, we all know we don't prefer, or we don't desire this
fakeness that we're all putting up.
And so when we see like, when I see the things you say on Twitter, it is very refreshing.
It's refreshing to see like honesty is authenticity.
The word, have I used that too many times in this episode?
Can I say it again?
Yeah.
And I think it feels more like a short term, long term thing.
I think I tend to look at everything in that way.
I think you're afraid of like, so here's a very classy example, right?
So I'm only ask, especially if you're a startup, they'll ask, hey, you guys are a startup.
Like, how do we know your product is going to be around a couple of years?
Like it is all sustainable, whatever.
And of course, like you get some like corporate generic answer of like, you know, we're working
to do things in a way and like, because what they're afraid of is in that moment, someone's
going to hear that and choose not to try your product, they're afraid of that short term
problem.
Yeah.
In those situations, what I say is, yeah, we're a startup.
We don't even know if we deserve to exist.
And we might be gone a year from now, it's like 100% true.
Because that short term thing of some, whether someone's going to try your product or not,
like they're going to, it doesn't matter in the end, like it, if your product is good,
like you'll conquer that.
But that fear of that immediate thing, if you think like, I don't want anyone to think
anything negative, is bad, in the long term, we establish a lot of good credibility and
people trust us because we aren't doing these other things.
So yeah.
Yeah.
It's so hard for me.
I am like, from a social relational standpoint, I'm very like conflict avoidance, whatever that
personality trait is.
I just, I really am always thinking about the very near term when it comes to social interactions.
So it's very hard for me not to just do the thing that makes everybody feel good for a
bit, or maybe it doesn't, maybe they're not feeling good about it, but I feel good that
they don't feel bad.
Yeah.
So I do a lot of this.
I mean, it's, it's like I said, I was doing it literally yesterday.
I felt I was in my instinct to go and do that.
So it's, it's very hard not to have that be your default.
Yeah.
Because it's how everyone interacts.
And it's like so fake sometimes.
And I do, if I ever think about this stuff, I'm sure I've said it on this podcast, that
I start spiraling into this, like it all needs to fall and just crumble.
It's society is built on a web of lies.
It's all terrible.
Yeah.
And it's always LinkedIn for me.
I was just imagining.
Yes.
It's a great example.
Yeah.
I think someone, after who it was, maybe it was Warren.
He replied with like, he basically replied with a message that was doing the opposite of
everything I said in that thread.
And the reactions were like, get this on LinkedIn.
Yeah.
It's the vibes.
That's some clever.
I just found it.
It's clever.
It's like Chachi BT is like, that's what it is.
Chachi BT is in essence, when you ask it anything about some hard part of the world, like something
softer and nuanced, like it, it replies in, in this exact style.
We got to stop like valuing that.
Yeah.
I, I no longer value it.
I'll forget.
I'll forget like tomorrow.
Do you forget a lot of stuff?
How's your memory do you still early 30s?
I don't see myself as someone with a great memory for most things, but I have like an
inhuman memory for like random useless shit, which I think is maybe like very common.
Is that part of our job?
Is it, or is it just everybody?
No, I have like stupid and human, I've talked about before, I have like this crazy gift for
remembering every movie, every actor, like what they were in, like who they connected
with their names, like their brothers that way.
Yeah.
It's just like, I can recall just like such specific stuff, but you know, I forget more
important things all the time.
Yeah.
I, I feel like I've probably said this is like so meta right now because we can't remember
that we said this already.
Yeah.
I'm about to say something that I'm just sure I've said on this show and we've talked about
and you've probably given me some comforting message, but like in case you've really concerned
about my memory, like to the point that she wants, like she's looking up like how early
can you develop dementia or whatever.
There's just like so many things in our life that she has to tell me three and four and
five times in like, you know, a five, six week span.
And I don't know if it's because I'm just not storing it.
What I tell her, I genuinely believe I hear something.
I know it's something that she's got covered and I just don't store it.
Like it just bounces off my head and I nod and I smile, but like, I'm using that spousal
memory.
Like she is half of my brain.
And if it's a thing that's not a thing I need to consider like day to day, I'm just
not going to store it.
I feel like she stores everything.
Yeah.
And I am very selective with what stays in my brain and I, I blame it on work.
I just say like, I have this whole other world.
I have to think about things and remember things and use them day to day and be creative and
do the stuff and I feel like there's not room in my brain for all of it.
It's that meme that like pushing the thing in the head.
There's stuff in there that I just can't do away with or I'll be ineffective, I think.
Or it could just be developing an adventure.
I don't, I don't know.
I honestly don't know.
My explanation for this is I think it's like a classic husband wife thing.
Like you see this, everything describes exact same way with me and Liz.
And we just see stuff on like Instagram all the time where people make jokes about this
exact dynamic.
I can't remember anything and Liz always remembers stuff that she has no business remembering
because it's like my, my thing.
Yeah.
So I feel like there's just some, something there.
There's like some man, woman thing.
Okay.
So that's like a marital, like just a dynamic maybe between.
Yeah.
And I wonder for people that are like, like two men that are married, are they just like
just lost all the time because I super rely on Liz to like remember all this stuff and
then.
Yeah.
They just like, are they just so like on it?
Is it more of a role thing or more of like a physical, genetic thing to me it feels like
it feels so core in me doesn't feel like a role thing.
Yeah.
That's what I like.
She gets upset sometimes over things that I should have remembered.
She feels like it was an important conversation and I feel like there's literally nothing
I can do.
I don't know.
Like I can't do more pushups and suddenly just remember those things.
They are not stored in my brain and there's some reason it's not that I don't value what
she said.
Like lots of things.
I mean, I do remember I need to do this at this time today because it's important or
you know, like it's not like I'm completely incapable of hearing and retaining something
she says.
But anyway, yeah, there's another thing that that just reminded me of that I feel like men
are generally in a marital relationship bad at and that's finding things.
Are you terrible at finding things?
Oh, that this is a subcategory of this is kind of exactly what I'm talking about.
Like I'll have something very specific to me.
Like some like document or something that I got in the mail and I can't remember where
I put it and Liz will always be like, oh, yeah, I saw it over here.
I'm like, what the, how do you remember this or it'll be like, it's not that I needed to
remember what it was, but she'll tell me where it is.
She'll say like, Oh, it's on the counter and the pantry, whatever.
And you're going to look for it.
And I go look for it and I'll be like, it's not there.
I don't know what to tell you.
And she'll walk right in and grab it.
And it's, she says I'm looking instead of searching, like, yeah, like I don't move stuff
around.
It's kind of like walk in the room, stare at the wall.
And I think exact same thing, again, there's like a million TikToks and stuff about this
dinner.
Yeah.
She's shown me the TikToks.
The one where like it like the milk materializes out of the refrigerator.
You don't see it.
And then when she goes to grab it, just like up here, it's like what it feels like.
I'm convinced we're just thinking about other stuff when we think we're looking.
Is that what we're doing when they're talking to us too?
I don't know.
Not me.
Is that why I don't know.
It's not me either.
Are you just saying that though?
Is that fake?
No, it's not fake.
I'm a good listener.
Do our wives listen to our podcast?
Because now-
Sometimes.
It'll be extra fodder.
Oh, no.
You know what I think about?
Do you- You know when you're driving, you know in the moment you must be paying attention
to stuff because you're not like crashing into cars and stuff.
But then if you like try to rewind two minutes ago, like while you're driving, like, okay,
what do I have any memories of two minutes ago?
You have zero memories of two minutes ago.
There's some autopilot going on for sure when you're driving.
Yeah.
I think there's something like that going on with just other parts of our life.
Okay.
I feel a little better knowing that it's universal.
I knew the finding things was universal.
I've seen the TikToks, but the memory thing, I don't know, I was getting a little concerned
for my health.
Yeah.
I had something else I was just thinking about.
No, I lost it because you know that I never-
Okay.
Yep.
That's funny.
I think we're good here.
I think we've recorded for long enough.
I've got to eat.
I haven't eaten today.
Me neither.
We were recording and we're just underfed.
I had five gummy bears.
You've had five gummy bears today.
That's all you ate.
That was my, that's what I've eaten so far.
They're the creatine ones, but yeah.
Oh, creatine.
I was like, why would you only eat five?
Like, I've never like sat down with a breed like that and then like, I'm just going to
eat five of them because I have self-restraint.
Imagine being someone that could do that.
That would be amazing.
I feel like, yeah, people who meditate, I bet Jay could do it.
People who are like in tune with their inner self or something.
I, I just traveled yesterday, back from a work trip and all I ate yesterday came from
an airport.
I was in two airports.
I had a connection.
And the only thing that went in my body yesterday was from an airport.
So it was terrible.
I felt awful.
I hardly could sleep last night from how gross I felt.
Traveling is so hard.
Imagine people traveling on like boats and carriages and stuff.
What the hell were they doing?
Oh, man.
Well, I wasn't even thinking that.
I was just thinking, imagine the people, like I feel like the generation before us, probably
less so now, but there was like a generation where it was like a badge of honor if you
just like lived out of a suitcase and like traveled for work all day.
Can you imagine?
That's still like an ideal people have, like I have some friends that live that way for
a very long time.
They got their like million miles, status thing, medallion, whatever.
Yeah, like all my friends are like were like consultants out of, you know that whole thing?
Like you graduate school, you do a consulting firm and you're literally like a Kinsey or
Accenture or something.
Like I don't know, it's like Sunday night you fly out to a client and then you fly back
on Friday and that's what they did for years.
This is what I mean when I, the fake thing, I just feel like there's so much stuff that's
so fake, like business travel, nobody needs to travel for business.
Now I'm not saying what I just did, like that was fun.
It was like the whole point of it is like our team just get together because we only work
online together and it's like nice to get together and do fun stuff together.
That's fine.
Business travel where it's like I'm sending a consultant to your office.
That's just so pointless to me.
Am I just discounting like a whole industry and I don't know what I'm talking about probably.
It's a little bit of both.
Yeah.
It's like, I think, I mean, I think that those consulting firms are like, so such bullshit.
It's a joke.
It's like, yeah, if an entire industry could be linked in.
That's what it is.
Yes.
And the thing about what I just described, who do they send to these places?
Someone that just graduated college.
Why are you paying $300 an hour for someone that literally just graduated college that
knows literally nothing?
Yeah.
Very little life experiences, let alone professional experiences.
It's just like, I think it's all just like a liability shifting thing.
There's like some inherent value in having work done by external parties.
Oh, that's so slimy and gross.
Like some executive that just wants to stay there longer.
So he just can point fingers at consultants.
It's just all so dumb.
Yeah.
And this is the spiraling just the more I think about it.
I'm like, none of us should have jobs.
This is all pointless.
But not what we do, but we do know everything else is pointless.
I think that's a good note to end on.
Okay.
I had this urge.
I don't know why I have this urge like meta talk about the podcast for a second.
I don't know.
Should we should we do that after we work like should we do that now?
Like while I don't mean like, no, I don't, I just mean like, I want to say something.
Like, like and subscribe or something.
I don't know.
What are you saying at the end of a while?
We never like do the podcast.
Thank you.
No, don't do that.
Don't do that.
People even listen to this.
That's a great question.
I think it's in our analytics.
I think it says, I think most spotify, I think you listen to the podcast.
Is this potify?
That's, I'm so glad you said that.
Uh, I actually listened to our podcast yesterday on the plane.
I was like, you know what?
I haven't listened to any of our episodes for months.
I need to hear what we sound like on a podcast and listen to it.
I'm one of our listeners.
No big deal.
I got to subtract that from our analytics and my mom, she's probably like listening on
repeat.
I listen on spotify.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm not a podcast person.
I think they're stupid.
It's just kidding.
It's so funny.
It's so funny that you would be on a podcast and not be a podcast person.
I don't do any of this stuff that I do, you know, I feel like you don't do any of the
stuff that you do.
You know what I mean?
That's insightful.
Could you tweet that for me?
That's a good one.
That's a nice tweet.
If I've ever seen one.
No, I know what you mean, like making YouTube, you don't watch YouTube.
I get it.
Yeah.
You don't watch Twitch, but you're streaming on Twitch right now.
Right.
And like when I'm like tutorial stuff, like I don't really consume that.
I do read tweets.
I guess I post tweets and I read them.
That's a little bit honest.
Do you see my react tweet yesterday?
No.
I know you're not going to get it.
I'm probably not going to get it at all.
Hang on.
I'm going to read it.
I'll see if I get it.
You're not going to get it.
Check that one, I guess.
See, I found you another way to implement our lap.
Nope.
Get this.
I missed the old react.
Oh, okay.
Got it.
I missed the old react.
Straight from Facebook react component did mount react with this dot state dot count react.
I mean, this is bringing back memories, but I feel like this is like a song reference
or something.
Yeah.
It is.
Okay.
I hate the new react triangle crew.
Uh, be needing use react service, I'd use react.
It rhymes too.
Yeah.
That's right.
It's the word react.
No, it literally.
It's also the word before that, like you cruise crew.
Look at you.
Uh, I missed the sweet react to boot up from V. I gotta say at that time, I'd like to tweet
react.
This is good.
I'm not going to read the whole thing because I feel like this is getting less entertaining
by the second, but what is it?
What's the song?
Okay.
The song he wrote about himself, like I missed the old Kanye, but he like performs it or
like a he sings it and it's really interesting because it's him getting in the minds of fans
that are like, I miss old Kanye, like the new Kanye is weird, uh, acknowledging their
point of view, but then like having this nice sentiment of like, it's okay.
Like things evolve.
We missed the old one.
We have nostalgia, but it's like a really nice sentiment.
Uh, yeah.
So I posted that and a lot of people understood what the reference was and that was thought
it was funny.
Of course, of course, there is people out there that are like, like, you need to evolve
and like get with a new react, like just move on.
Like that stops.
You need to like stick with the old thing or move to new thing or, you know, die.
It's like, uh, this is you're so lame.
This is the lamest response in the universe.
Like there's nothing way more than this, but you miss the point.
You missed it.
You missed the reference.
Uh, you also miss the nicer sentiment underneath.
Yeah.
And you like tried to be smart about it, but you tried to read all the replies.
You just took up another 20 of my minutes because I'm going to go back.
I just saw this is the best tax tweet ever from Allison.
It's true.
This is probably the most effort you've ever, is this the most effort you've ever put into
a tweet?
It was up there.
I guess you've written some long ones.
You've written some big insightful posts.
So that's a, it's a high bar, but what is this, this book icon?
What is this to?
What?
Did that just do?
No, not the bookmark one.
I know that one.
There's like a, an open book and I clicked on it and it changed.
Is this like a print view?
What is this?
If I want to print a tweet, it like changed the page for like kind of a modal print my
tweet immortalize it.
I don't know what this is.
It's like a reader view.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Do you not have to pee?
I don't have to pee.
What the hell?
Why don't I have to pee?
I've drank a lot.
You already peed yourself.
Stop it.
You just haven't realized.
I got a bottle.
That mela can you saw earlier?
Yeah.
Is that the, the water ball you got?
The pink one.
Oh, the mela.
Okay.
Sorry.
I heard something.
You thought I was, you thought I was, I recycled it or something?
No.
I've been using it.
This is a dumb joke.
I need to stop.
Why don't I have to pee?
That's really weird.
Anyway.
I don't know how to end our podcast ever.
We're 77 episodes.
It's always.
I have to pee.
I feel like, yeah, if I don't have to pee, I feel like we're just going to go for two
hours.
What do we do?
Get the fuck out of here.
Oh, that's a new ending.
That's a good one.
Okay.
Sorry, mom.
I'm tired of you.
Get out of here.
Okay.
I'm going to hit the end button.
Bye bye.
Just without even saying it.
I'm not even going to say it.
Nope.
Don't do it.
I'm going to hit the end button.